Add instructions for building from source (#1029)
ExtremeFLOW/neko: doc/pages/installation.md

To build the PFunit testing framework, please refers to the \subpage testing page

### Building Neko

> Neko uses autotools as its builds ystem. The first step is to run the `configure` script, located in the top directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neko uses autotools as its build system. The first step is to run the `configure` script, located in the top directory.
```

``` shell
<path-to-neko>/configure FC=<Fortran compiler> CC=<C compiler> \
                         MPIFC=<MPI Fortran compiler> MPICC=<MPI C ompiler> \
                         FCFLAGS=<Fortran compiler flags> CFLAGS=<C compiler flags> \
                         --prefix=<installation path> [options]
```

> Options refers to either optional features or packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above command, `[options]` refers to either optional features or packages. 
```
